<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>9. Language Strings</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>
<div>
<h2 id="language-chapter">
<span class="section-number">9. </span>Language Strings</h2>
<p>Language strings provide an element of internationalisation to SuiteCRM. It allows
specifying different strings to be used in different languages making it much
easier to provide translations for modules and customisations. Even if you are
only targeting a single language it is still worth using the language string
functionality in SuiteCRM because it allows the simple changing of strings
within SuiteCRM and it also allows users to customise the labels used in your
customisations. There are three main types of language strings that we will cover
here.</p>

<p>At the core, the language strings are a key value store. The keys are used throughout
SuiteCRM and the values are loaded based on the current language.</p>

<p>Languages are handled in SuiteCRM by prefixing the file name with the IETF language
code for the language that this file contains. Here are some examples
of different language file names:</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 9.1: Example language file names</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre># Core Accounts language file for en_us (United States English)
modules/Accounts/language/en_us.lang.php

# Core Cases language file for es_es (Spanish as spoken in Spain)
modules/Cases/language/es_es.lang.php

# Custom language file for de_de (German)
custom/Extension/application/Ext/Language/de_de.SomeCustomPackage.php
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<p>SuiteCRM will choose the language prefix to be used based on the language the user
selected when logging in or the default language if none was selected.
Generally when a language file is loaded the default language files and the
<code>en_us</code> files will also be loaded. These files are then merged. This ensures that
there will still be a definition if
there are language keys in either <code>en_us</code> or the default language that don’t have
definitions in the current language. In
essence the language “falls back” to the default language and <code>en_us</code> if there
are missing keys.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-module-strings">Module Strings</h3>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-use">Use</h4>
<p>Module strings are strings associated with a particular module. These are usually,
for example, field labels and panel name labels, but they may be used for anything
that is specific to a single module.</p>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-definition-location">Definition location</h4>
<p>Module strings are defined in the <code>$mod_strings</code> array. This is initially defined
in<br /><code>modules/&lt;TheModule&gt;/language/&lt;LanguageTag&gt;.lang.php</code>, for example<br /><code>modules/Accounts/language/en_us.lang.php</code>.</p>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-customisation-location">Customisation location</h4>
<p>Customisations can be made to the module strings by adding a new file in<br /><code>custom/Extension/modules/&lt;TheModule&gt;/Ext/Language/&lt;LanguageTag&gt;.&lt;Name&gt;.php</code> (<code>&lt;Name&gt;</code>
in this case should be used to give it a descriptive name). An example is 
<code>custom/Extension/modules/Accounts/Ext/Language/en_us.MyLanguageFile.php</code>. See the Extensions
section for more information on the Extensions folder.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-application-strings">Application Strings</h3>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-use-1">Use</h4>
<p>Application strings are used for language strings and labels that are not specific
to a single module. Examples of these may include labels that will appear
in the headers or footers, labels that appear on search buttons throughout SuiteCRM
or labels for pagination controls.</p>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-definition-location-1">Definition location</h4>
<p>The application strings are defined in the <code>$app_strings</code> array. This is
initially defined in<br /><code>include/language/&lt;LanguageTag&gt;.lang.php</code>.</p>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-customisation-location-1">Customisation location</h4>
<p>Customisations can be made to the application strings in two ways. Firstly you
can edit the file<br /><code>custom/include/language/&lt;LanguageTag&gt;.lang.php</code>. However
to promote modularity it is recommended that you add a new file in the location<br /><code>custom/Extension/application/Ext/Language/&lt;LanguageTag&gt;.&lt;Name&gt;.php</code>. For example<br /><code>custom/Extension/application/Ext/Language/es_es.MyAppLanguageFile.php</code>.
<code>&lt;Name&gt;</code> should be used to give the file a descriptive name. See the Extensions
section for more information on the Extensions folder.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-application-list-strings">Application List Strings</h3>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-use-2">Use</h4>
<p>Application list strings are used to store the various dropdowns and lists
used in SuiteCRM. Most of these are used as options for the various enum fields
in SuiteCRM e.g the account type or the opportunity sales stage.</p>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-definition-location-2">Definition location</h4>
<p>The application list strings are defined in the <code>$app_list_strings</code> array. Similar to
the <code>$app_strings</code> array this is initially defined in
<code>include/language/en_us.lang.php</code>.</p>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-customisation-location-2">Customisation location</h4>
<p>Customisations can be made to the application list strings in two ways. Firstly you
can edit the file<br /><code>custom/include/language/&lt;LanguageTag&gt;.lang.php</code>. However
to promote modularity it is recommended that you add a new file in the location<br /><code>custom/Extension/application/Ext/Language/&lt;LanguageTag&gt;.&lt;Name&gt;.php</code> (<code>&lt;Name&gt;</code> 
should be used to give the file a descriptive name). For example<br /><code>custom/Extension/application/Ext/Language/es_es.MyAppListLanguageFile.php</code>.
 See the Extensions
section for more information on the Extensions folder.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-why-and-when-to-customise">Why and when to customise</h3>
<p>Generally language strings should be changed from within SuiteCRM using the
studio tool. However there are times when it can be simpler to add or modify
language strings as described in the previous section. If you are importing
a large number of language strings or dropdown options it can be simpler to
create a new file to add these values. Similarly if you are adding entirely new
functionality, it is usually best to simply add these language strings as new values.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-usage">Usage</h3>
<p>Language strings are used automatically throughout SuiteCRM. For example in
metadata you can specify the language strings to display for fields. However
in some cases you will want to access and use the language strings in custom
code. There are several ways to do this.</p>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-globals">Globals</h4>

<p>The <code>$mod_strings</code>, <code>$app_strings</code> and <code>$app_list_strings</code> variables are all
global and can be accessed as such. <code>$app_strings</code> and <code>$app_list_strings</code> will
always be available. However <code>$mod_strings</code> will only contain the
strings for the current module (see the next section
for other ways of accessing <code>$mod_strings</code>).</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 9.2: Accessing language strings globally</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno"> 1</code> <code class="k">function</code> <code class="nf">someFunction</code><code class="p">(){</code>
<code class="lineno"> 2</code>     <code class="k">global</code> <code class="nv">$mod_strings</code><code class="p">,</code> <code class="nv">$app_strings</code><code class="p">,</code> <code class="nv">$app_list_strings</code><code class="p">;</code>
<code class="lineno"> 3</code>     <code class="cm">/*</code>
<code class="lineno"> 4</code> <code class="cm">     * Grab the label LBL_NAME for the current module</code>
<code class="lineno"> 5</code> <code class="cm">     * In most modules this will be the label for the</code>
<code class="lineno"> 6</code> <code class="cm">     * name field of the module.</code>
<code class="lineno"> 7</code> <code class="cm">     */</code>
<code class="lineno"> 8</code>     <code class="nv">$modLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nv">$mod_strings</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'LBL_NAME'</code><code class="p">];</code>
<code class="lineno"> 9</code> 
<code class="lineno">10</code>     <code class="nv">$appLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nv">$app_strings</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'LBL_GENERATE_LETTER'</code><code class="p">];</code>
<code class="lineno">11</code> 
<code class="lineno">12</code>     <code class="cm">/*</code>
<code class="lineno">13</code> <code class="cm">     * Unlike the previous two examples $appListLabel will be an</code>
<code class="lineno">14</code> <code class="cm">     * array of the dropdowns keys to it's display labels.</code>
<code class="lineno">15</code> <code class="cm">     */</code>
<code class="lineno">16</code>     <code class="nv">$appListLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nv">$app_list_strings</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'aos_quotes_type_dom'</code><code class="p">];</code>
<code class="lineno">17</code> 
<code class="lineno">18</code>     <code class="c1">//Here we just log out the strings</code>
<code class="lineno">19</code>     <code class="nv">$GLOBALS</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'log'</code><code class="p">]</code><code class="o">-&gt;</code><code class="na">debug</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The module label is </code><code class="si">$modLabel</code><code class="s2">"</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">20</code>     <code class="nv">$GLOBALS</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'log'</code><code class="p">]</code><code class="o">-&gt;</code><code class="na">debug</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The app label is </code><code class="si">$appLabel</code><code class="s2">"</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">21</code>     <code class="nv">$GLOBALS</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'log'</code><code class="p">]</code><code class="o">-&gt;</code><code class="na">debug</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The app list label is "</code><code class="o">.</code><code class="nb">print_r</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="nv">$appListLabel</code><code class="p">,</code><code class="mi">1</code><code class="p">));</code>
<code class="lineno">22</code> <code class="p">}</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-translate">Translate</h4>
<p>As an alternative to using globals or, if you are in a different module than the
language string you wish to retrieve you can use the <code>translate</code> method.</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 9.3: <code>translate</code> method signature</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno">1</code> <code class="nx">translate</code><code class="p">(</code>
<code class="lineno">2</code>         <code class="nv">$string</code><code class="p">,</code>
<code class="lineno">3</code>         <code class="nv">$mod</code><code class="o">=</code><code class="s1">''</code><code class="p">,</code>
<code class="lineno">4</code>         <code class="nv">$selectedValue</code><code class="o">=</code><code class="s1">''</code><code class="p">)</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<dl><dt>$string</dt>
  <dd>The language string to be translated.</dd>
  <dt>$mod</dt>
  <dd>The module this string should come from. Defaults to the current module if empty.</dd>
  <dt>$selectedValue</dt>
  <dd>For dropdown strings. This will return the label for the key <code>$selectedValue</code>
</dd>
</dl><p>Here is an example of the above in action. Note that we do not have to worry about
whether the label is a Module string, an Application string or an Application list
string, as all of these will be checked (in that order - the first matching value
will be returned).</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 9.4: Example <code>translate</code> method calls</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno"> 1</code> <code class="k">function</code> <code class="nf">someFunction</code><code class="p">(){</code>
<code class="lineno"> 2</code>   <code class="c1">//Grab the label LBL_NAME for the current module</code>
<code class="lineno"> 3</code>   <code class="nv">$modLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nx">translate</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'LBL_NAME'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno"> 4</code> 
<code class="lineno"> 5</code>   <code class="c1">//Grab the label LBL_NAME for the AOS_Products module</code>
<code class="lineno"> 6</code>   <code class="nv">$productModLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nx">translate</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'LBL_NAME'</code><code class="p">,</code><code class="s1">'AOS_Products'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno"> 7</code> 
<code class="lineno"> 8</code>   <code class="nv">$appLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nx">translate</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'LBL_GENERATE_LETTER'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno"> 9</code> 
<code class="lineno">10</code>   <code class="cm">/*</code>
<code class="lineno">11</code> <code class="cm">   * Return the label for the `Other` option of the `aos_quotes_type_dom`</code>
<code class="lineno">12</code> <code class="cm">   * We don't care about the module so this is left blank.</code>
<code class="lineno">13</code> <code class="cm">   */</code>
<code class="lineno">14</code>   <code class="nv">$appListLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nx">translate</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'aos_quotes_type_dom'</code><code class="p">,</code><code class="s1">''</code><code class="p">,</code><code class="s1">'Other'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">15</code> 
<code class="lineno">16</code>   <code class="c1">//Here we just log out the strings</code>
<code class="lineno">17</code>   <code class="nv">$GLOBALS</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'log'</code><code class="p">]</code><code class="o">-&gt;</code><code class="na">debug</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The module label is </code><code class="si">$modLabel</code><code class="s2">"</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">18</code>   <code class="nv">$GLOBALS</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'log'</code><code class="p">]</code><code class="o">-&gt;</code><code class="na">debug</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The module label for Products is </code><code class="si">$productModLabel</code><code class="s2">"</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">19</code>   <code class="nv">$GLOBALS</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'log'</code><code class="p">]</code><code class="o">-&gt;</code><code class="na">debug</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The app label is </code><code class="si">$appLabel</code><code class="s2">"</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">20</code>   <code class="nv">$GLOBALS</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'log'</code><code class="p">]</code><code class="o">-&gt;</code><code class="na">debug</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The app list label is "</code><code class="o">.</code><code class="nb">print_r</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="nv">$appListLabel</code><code class="p">,</code><code class="mi">1</code><code class="p">));</code>
<code class="lineno">21</code> <code class="p">}</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-javascript">JavaScript</h4>
<p>Finally, you may be using JavaScript (for example in a view), and wish to display
a language string. For this you can use the <code>SUGAR.language.get</code> method, which
is similar to the <code>translate</code> method in example 9.3.</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 9.5: <code>SUGAR.language.get</code> method signature</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno">1</code> <code class="nx">SUGAR</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">language</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">get</code><code class="p">(</code>
<code class="lineno">2</code>               <code class="nx">module</code><code class="p">,</code>
<code class="lineno">3</code>               <code class="nx">str</code>
<code class="lineno">4</code> <code class="p">);</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<dl><dt>module</dt>
  <dd>The module a language string will be returned for. You should supply <code>app_strings</code> or<br /><code>app_list_strings</code> if the label you wish to retrieve is not a module string.</dd>
  <dt>str</dt>
  <dd>The key you want to retrieve a label for.</dd>
</dl><div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 9.6: Example <code>SUGAR.language.get</code> method calls</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno"> 1</code> <code class="kd">function</code> <code class="nx">someFunction</code><code class="p">(){</code>
<code class="lineno"> 2</code> 
<code class="lineno"> 3</code>   <code class="cm">/*</code>
<code class="lineno"> 4</code> <code class="cm">   * Grab the label LBL_NAME for AOS_Products</code>
<code class="lineno"> 5</code> <code class="cm">   * Note that, unlike the translate function in example 9.3</code>
<code class="lineno"> 6</code> <code class="cm">   * the module name is required.</code>
<code class="lineno"> 7</code> <code class="cm">   */</code>
<code class="lineno"> 8</code> 
<code class="lineno"> 9</code>   <code class="kd">var</code> <code class="nx">modLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nx">SUGAR</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">language</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">get</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'AOS_Products'</code><code class="p">,</code> <code class="s1">'LBL_NAME'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">10</code> 
<code class="lineno">11</code>   <code class="cm">/*</code>
<code class="lineno">12</code> <code class="cm">   * As mentioned above we explicitly need to pass if we are retrieving</code>
<code class="lineno">13</code> <code class="cm">   * an app_string or app_list_string</code>
<code class="lineno">14</code> <code class="cm">   */</code>
<code class="lineno">15</code>   <code class="kd">var</code> <code class="nx">appLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nx">SUGAR</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">language</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">get</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'app_strings'</code><code class="p">,</code> <code class="s1">'LBL_GENERATE_LETTER'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">16</code>   <code class="kd">var</code> <code class="nx">appListLabel</code> <code class="o">=</code> <code class="nx">SUGAR</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">language</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">get</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'app_list_strings'</code><code class="p">,</code>
<code class="lineno">17</code>                                         <code class="s1">'aos_quotes_type_dom'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">18</code> 
<code class="lineno">19</code>   <code class="c1">//Here we just log out the strings</code>
<code class="lineno">20</code>   <code class="nx">console</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">log</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The module label is "</code><code class="o">+</code><code class="nx">modLabel</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">21</code>   <code class="nx">console</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">log</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The app label is "</code><code class="o">+</code><code class="nx">appLabel</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">22</code>   <code class="nx">console</code><code class="p">.</code><code class="nx">log</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"The app list label is "</code><code class="o">+</code><code class="nx">appListLabel</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">23</code> <code class="p">}</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>
</div>
</body>
</html>
