<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>2. SuiteCRM Directory Structure</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>
<div>
<h2 id="leanpub-auto-suitecrm-directory-structure">
<span class="section-number">2. </span>SuiteCRM Directory Structure</h2>

<dl><dt><code>cache</code></dt>
  <dd>Contains cache files used by SuiteCRM including compiled smarty templates,
grouped vardefs, minified and grouped JavaScript. Some modules and custom modules
may also store (temporary) module specific info here.</dd>
  <dt><code>custom</code></dt>
  <dd>Contains user and developer customisations to SuiteCRM. Also contains some
SuiteCRM code to maintain compatibility with SugarCRM. However this is likely to change
in the future.</dd>
  <dt><code>data</code></dt>
  <dd>Stores the classes and files used to deal with SugarBeans and their relationships.</dd>
  <dt><code>examples</code></dt>
  <dd>Contains a few basic examples of lead capture and API usage. However these are very outdated.</dd>
  <dt><code>include</code></dt>
  <dd>Contains the bulk of non module and non data SuiteCRM code.</dd>
  <dt><code>install</code></dt>
  <dd>Code used by the SuiteCRM installer.</dd>
  <dt><code>jssource</code></dt>
  <dd>The <code>jssource</code> folder contains the unminified source of some of the JavaScript files
used within SuiteCRM.</dd>
  <dt><code>metadata</code></dt>
  <dd>Stores relationship metadata for the various stock SuiteCRM modules. This should not
be confused with module metadata which contains information on view, dashlet and search
definitions.</dd>
  <dt><code>mobile</code></dt>
  <dd>Stores code for the <a href="http://www.quickcrm.fr">QuickCRM</a> mobile app.</dd>
  <dt><code>ModuleInstall</code></dt>
  <dd>Code for the module installer.</dd>
  <dt><code>modules</code></dt>
  <dd>Contains the code for any stock or custom SuiteCRM modules.</dd>
  <dt><code>service</code></dt>
  <dd>Code for the SuiteCRM Soap and REST APIs.</dd>
  <dt><code>themes</code></dt>
  <dd>Code, data and images for the bundled SuiteCRM theme.</dd>
  <dt><code>upload</code></dt>
  <dd>The <code>upload</code> folder contains documents that have been uploaded to SuiteCRM.
The names of the files comes from the ID of the matching Document Revision/Note.
<code>upload</code>/<code>upgrades</code> will also contain various upgrade files and the packages of installed
modules.</dd>
  <dt>
<code>log4php</code>, <code>soap</code>, <code>XTemplate</code>, <code>Zend</code>
</dt>
  <dd>Source code for various libraries used by SuiteCRM some of which are deprecated.</dd>
</dl>
</div>
</body>
</html>
