<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>7. Controllers</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>
<div>
<h2 id="leanpub-auto-controllers">
<span class="section-number">7. </span>Controllers</h2>

<p>SuiteCRM follows the MVC (Model-View-Controller) pattern and as such has the concept
of controllers. The controller is responsible for making changes to the Model
as well as passing control to the view as appropriate. SuiteCRM has the concept
of actions which are actions that will be taken by the controller. Let’s take a look at
a SuiteCRM URL:</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 7.1: Example SuiteCRM URL</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre>example.com/index.php?module=Accounts&amp;action=index
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<p>In this (rather boring) example we see that the module is Accounts. This will
determine which controller to use and then call the index action on that controller.</p>

<p>SuiteCRM will first look for the controller in <code>custom/module/&lt;TheModule&gt;/controller.php</code>.
If this is not found then next <code>module/&lt;TheModule&gt;/controller.php</code> will be checked.
Finally if neither of these controllers exist then the default controller will be used.
The default controller can be found in <code>include/MVC/Controller/SugarController.php</code>.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-customising-controllers">Customising controllers</h3>
<p>Ordinarily the default controller handles the request and delegates
to the appropriate views etc. However custom controllers can be used to add or alter
functionality. Let’s look at adding a new action.</p>

<p>In the first instance we will have to add our custom controller. This will vary slightly depending
on the nature of the module.</p>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-custom-module-1">Custom module</h4>
<p>In this case we can place the file directly into our module. You should create a new file
(if it doesn’t exist) at <code>modules/&lt;TheModule&gt;/controller.php</code>. The contents will look
similar to:</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 7.2: Creating a custom controller for a custom module</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno">1</code> <code class="o">&lt;?</code><code class="nx">php</code>
<code class="lineno">2</code> <code class="k">if</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="o">!</code><code class="nb">defined</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'sugarEntry'</code><code class="p">)</code> <code class="o">||</code> <code class="o">!</code><code class="nx">sugarEntry</code><code class="p">)</code> <code class="k">die</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'Not A Valid Entry Point'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">3</code> <code class="k">class</code> <code class="err">&lt;</code><code class="nc">TheModule</code><code class="o">&gt;</code><code class="nx">Controller</code> <code class="k">extends</code> <code class="nx">SugarController</code>
<code class="lineno">4</code> <code class="p">{</code>
<code class="lineno">5</code> 
<code class="lineno">6</code> <code class="p">}</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-pre-existing-modules">Pre-existing modules</h4>
<p>For pre-existing modules you should add the controller to<br /><code>custom/modules/&lt;TheModule&gt;/controller.php</code>.</p>

<p>The contents of this file will vary depending on whether you wish to extend the
existing controller (if it exists) or create your own version completely. It is usually
best to extend the existing controller since this will retain important logic. 
You should note the naming convention here. We name the class<br /><code>Custom&lt;TheModule&gt;Controller</code>.</p>

<p>Here we don’t extend the existing controller or no such controller exists:</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 7.3: Creating a custom controller for an existing module</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno">1</code> <code class="o">&lt;?</code><code class="nx">php</code>
<code class="lineno">2</code> <code class="k">if</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="o">!</code><code class="nb">defined</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'sugarEntry'</code><code class="p">)</code> <code class="o">||</code> <code class="o">!</code><code class="nx">sugarEntry</code><code class="p">)</code> <code class="k">die</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'Not A Valid Entry Point'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">3</code> <code class="k">class</code> <code class="nc">Custom</code><code class="o">&lt;</code><code class="nx">TheModule</code><code class="o">&gt;</code><code class="nx">Controller</code> <code class="k">extends</code> <code class="nx">SugarController</code>
<code class="lineno">4</code> <code class="p">{</code>
<code class="lineno">5</code> 
<code class="lineno">6</code> <code class="p">}</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<p>Alternatively we extend the existing controller. Note that we are requiring the
existing controller:</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 7.4: Creating a custom controller for an existing module with an existing controller</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno">1</code> <code class="o">&lt;?</code><code class="nx">php</code>
<code class="lineno">2</code> <code class="k">if</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="o">!</code><code class="nb">defined</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'sugarEntry'</code><code class="p">)</code> <code class="o">||</code> <code class="o">!</code><code class="nx">sugarEntry</code><code class="p">)</code> <code class="k">die</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'Not A Valid Entry Point'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">3</code> 
<code class="lineno">4</code> <code class="k">require_once</code> <code class="s1">'modules/&lt;TheModule&gt;/controller.php'</code><code class="p">;</code>
<code class="lineno">5</code> 
<code class="lineno">6</code> <code class="k">class</code> <code class="nc">Custom</code><code class="o">&lt;</code><code class="nx">TheModule</code><code class="o">&gt;</code><code class="nx">Controller</code> <code class="k">extends</code> <code class="o">&lt;</code><code class="nx">TheModule</code><code class="o">&gt;</code><code class="nx">Controller</code>
<code class="lineno">7</code> <code class="p">{</code>
<code class="lineno">8</code> 
<code class="lineno">9</code> <code class="p">}</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-adding-the-action">Adding the action</h4>

<p>Now we can add a new action to our controller. Actions are created as methods
on the controller with the name <code>action_&lt;actionName&gt;</code>. For example, to create a new
action called ‘echo’ we could create the following method in one of the
controllers we have created above. This can then perform whatever logic that is needed.
In our example we will log the REQUEST and simply redirect:</p>

<div class="code-block">
  <p class="codeblock-title">Example 7.5: Adding a custom controller action method</p>

  <hr /><div class="highlight"><pre><code class="lineno">1</code> <code class="k">public</code> <code class="k">function</code> <code class="nf">action_echo</code><code class="p">(){</code>
<code class="lineno">2</code>   <code class="nv">$GLOBALS</code><code class="p">[</code><code class="s1">'log'</code><code class="p">]</code><code class="o">-&gt;</code><code class="na">debug</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s2">"Echo called with request: "</code><code class="o">.</code><code class="nb">print_r</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="nv">$_REQUEST</code><code class="p">,</code><code class="mi">1</code><code class="p">));</code>
<code class="lineno">3</code>   <code class="nx">SugarApplication</code><code class="o">::</code><code class="na">redirect</code><code class="p">(</code><code class="s1">'index.php'</code><code class="p">);</code>
<code class="lineno">4</code> <code class="p">}</code>
</pre></div>

  <hr /></div>

<h4 id="leanpub-auto-legacy-style">Legacy Style</h4>
<p>In previous versions of SugarCRM a new action was added by creating
a file in either <code>modules/&lt;TheModule&gt;/&lt;actionname&gt;.php</code> or
<code>custom/modules/&lt;TheModule&gt;/&lt;actionname&gt;.php</code>. Although this still works it is not recommended.</p>
</div>
</body>
</html>
