<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>19. Further Resources</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>
<div>
<h2 id="leanpub-auto-further-resources">
<span class="section-number">19. </span>Further Resources</h2>
<p>Although this book has aimed to be a thorough resource, SuiteCRM is large and feature rich.
Therefore it is not possible to include all the information you may require. Here are
some extra resources for developing with SuiteCRM.</p>

<h3 id="leanpub-auto-suitecrm-website">SuiteCRM Website</h3>
<p>The SuiteCRM website (<a href="http://suitecrm.com">SuiteCRM.com</a> has many excellent resources
including:</p>

<ul><li>
<a href="https://suitecrm.com/forum/index">SuiteCRM forums</a> - come and say hi!</li>
  <li><a href="https://suitecrm.com/suitecrm/blog">SuiteCRM Blog</a></li>
  <li><a href="https://suitecrm.com/wiki/index.php/Main_Page">SuiteCRM Wiki</a></li>
</ul><h3 id="leanpub-auto-external-suitecrm-resources">External SuiteCRM Resources</h3>

<dl><dt><a href="https://github.com/salesagility/SuiteCRM">SuiteCRM GitHub</a></dt>
  <dd>The SuiteCRM source code is hosted on GitHub. Here you can get bleeding edge
code changes and even contribute code.</dd>
</dl><h3 id="leanpub-auto-sugarcrm-resources">SugarCRM Resources</h3>
<p>SuiteCRM has strived to remain compatible with the SugarCRM community edition
and much of the documentation is still valid. The appropriate version for SuiteCRM
information is 6.5. Versions of documentation higher than this (i.e. 7) will probably
not be relevant.</p>

<ul><li><a href="http://support.sugarcrm.com/02_Documentation/04_Sugar_Developer/">SugarCRM Developer docs</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://developer.sugarcrm.com/">SugarCRM Developer Blog</a></li>
</ul><h3 id="leanpub-auto-technical-links">Technical Links</h3>
<ul><li>
<a href="http://php.net/">PHP</a> - The main language used by SuiteCRM</li>
  <li>
<a href="http://www.smarty.net/">Smarty</a> - The templating language used throughout SuiteCRM.</li>
  <li>
<a href="http://xdebug.org">XDebug</a> - Debugging/profiling extension for PHP</li>
  <li>
<a href="http://git-scm.com/">Git</a> - Distributed version control system</li>
  <li>
<a href="http://yuilibrary.com/">YUI</a> - Legacy Javascript library used in SuiteCRM</li>
  <li>
<a href="https://jquery.com/">JQuery</a> - Javascript library used in SuiteCRM - to be preferred over YUI.</li>
  <li>
<a href="https://github.com/PHPMailer/PHPMailer">PHPMailer</a> Email library used in SuiteCRM</li>
  <li>
<a href="http://php.net/manual/en/book.apc.php">APC</a> - Alternative PHP Cache. PHP Opcode cache supported by SuiteCRM</li>
  <li>
<a href="http://php.net/manual/en/book.wincache.php">WinCache</a> - Windows PHP cache. PHP Opcode cache supported by SuiteCRM</li>
  <li>
<a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/phpstorm/">PHPStorm</a> - PHP IDE (Paid)</li>
  <li>
<a href="https://eclipse.org/pdt/">Eclipse PHP Development Tools</a> - PHP IDE (Free and Open Source)</li>
</ul><h3 id="leanpub-auto-other-links">Other Links</h3>
<ul><li>
<a href="https://salesagility.com/">SalesAgility</a> - The company behind SuiteCRM.</li>
  <li>
<a href="http://www.jsmackin.co.uk">Jim Mackin</a> - Me :)</li>
</ul>
</div>
</body>
</html>
