# SuiteDocs

This is the Project for the SuiteCRM Documentation Site which you can browse at [https://docs.suitecrm.com](https://docs.suitecrm.com).

## Contributing

You can find instructions about contributing at [http://docs.suitecrm.com/community/contributing-to-docs/](http://docs.suitecrm.com/community/contributing-to-docs/).

## Architectural Overview

- this site's source content is hosted here, on **Github**.
- it is generated by **Hugo** static-site builder
- it uses the **Learn theme**
- the content is written in **Asciidoc** and converted using asciidoctor Ruby engine
- it is automatically deployed on **Netlify**

## Workflow

The official site is generated from the `master` branch.

Currently, we'll be using a very simple workflow: you can direct your Pull Request directly to the `master` branch. 
Eventually we may decide to use other levels of staging on different branches before pulling content into `master`.

If you are doing extensive work on the site (for example, translating a lot of content into a different language, 
or working on a new complex site feature in Go) we can consider providing a separate branch for you. 
This will allow you to run Preview Deploys on Netlify so you (and the rest of the Community) can browse your version 
before deploying to `master`.

## Additional languages

We know many members of the Community are eager to have Documentation in their own language. This will eventually 
be possible, but since this site is in its initial stages, for now we will only be working on two additional
languages - Spanish and Russian. This way we can work out several technical challenges of making the site multilingual. 
Later we will add more languages. 

You can open an Issue if you have any questions or comments. Thank you.
